# SIMPLE TRIVIAL QUIZ GAME

 This project is a simple web-based game developed using HTML, CSS, and
JavaScript. The game shall test the user on their knowledge and skills through
answering different questions/trivia encoded by the programmers in the game. The
game will also have a leaderboard at the end of the game to give excitement and
thrill to the user. The project uses several JavaScript validations for different
webpages to make the game functional.

# HOW TO RUN/NAVIGATE THE FILE:

 The project does not need to have any kind of local server but yet a browser.
We would also recommend to the users to play this game on a modern browser
such as Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox, but either way, the game will work
perfectly. The game is easily accessible through downloading the zip file of the
source codes, which is free to download. To play the game, first download the zip
file containing all the source codes. Then, click the quizgame.html file to run the
game. After clicking the said file, a webpage containing two buttons which are
“Play” and “Leaderboard” buttons will be shown. If you want to proceed to
playing the game, click the “Play” button. But if you want to take a look on the
leaderboard or high scores of the game, then click the “Leaderboard” button. Once
clicking the “Play” button, the game will flash 6 different questions about
Animated Films, generated by Open Trivia Database. Every correct answer for
each question will receive 20 points, a total of 120 points. Once the user is done
with the game, they shall input their username in a text box and click the “Save”
button so their game points will be recorded through the Leaderboard. There are
also two remaining buttons aside from the “Save” button, which are the “Play
Again” and “Go Home” button. If the player wishes to play again, then click the
“Play Again button”. But if the player wishes to be redirected to the homepage,
then click the “Go Home” button.
